l decision I think is part of the
eighth-inning Ferrari every season is
fundamental Liberty brace is the last
chance Every qualifying is the last
opportunity so we live with with this
pressure with these expectations because
i think is ferrari is the success that
in the history in Formula One has
achieved and now there is this this
these obligations all these targets that
are very ambitious but we also like I
think everyone in Ferraris very proud of
of working for for the red cars and we
all want the success that in the history
in Formula One has every season I think
is part of the deafening Ferrari every
season is fundamentally Barry brace is
the last chance Every qualifying is the
last opportunity so we live with with
this pressure with these expectations
because i think is ferrari is the
success that in the history in Formula
One has achieved and now there is this
this these obligations all these targets
that are very ambitious but we also like
I think everyone in Ferraris very proud
of of working for for the red cars and
we all want to do well and when the
people sped from us to win the first
race in Australia we we are happy with
that pressure and we try to do it one
last question from my cell is just too
robot kupit so your friend can you give
us an update how he is now yeah I spoke
with him yesterday when I when I when I
knew how about the problem again has
been a very unlucky 12 months for for
him it's 12 months 12 months now from
the accident and
and we still waiting for his comeback
and now this is another small delight of
they come back but I told him yesterday
this will make you stronger stronger
mentally I strongly strongly also
physically because you will be item man
i said to him yesterday and I think sure
when he came back I think will be
stronger than ever and he was a super
driver already so he will continue thank
you much good luck for you so you have
been in Maranello so often like no other
pilot before we heard yesterday so do
you feel a certain fresh air and the
team may be a start from zero now no
start from zero but definitely there are
some some good atmosphere now in
Maranello i think the team did some
reorganization last year at the middle
of the year some restructure inside the
team so everyone now i think is working
in his area there were some mix before
so that a dynamic guy now is doing the
job the guy in the gearbox now is
working for the gearbox it was a bit of
mix before so i think i feel people
happy now with with when arrive in the
morning to work everyone is doing what
he likes to do so definitely this we
will take some benefit in the team
overall which is the team to beat still
red bull and settle at the moment yes i
think theoretically without seeing the
cars without testing the cast red bull
won the last two championships Sebastian
won the last two championship so they
have the reference now for us for
everyone but we need to see we need to
see how the test walk goes how the first
Rice's goes because I think McLaren will
be very strong as well Mercedes I think
we will improve a lot this year as well
so as the moment yes red bull like the
first reference but I think this may
change very quickly with with mclaren
mercedes as well and stefano domenicali
yesterday underline several times that
it can't pretend anymore from your
performance like last year so what are
you
from your team for the next for the
upcoming season well I winning first cut
I think when the car is quick every
everything becomes easier the stars are
not any more crucial when you have the
quickest car the pit stops are different
because the mechanics are a little bit
more relaxed the strategy everything is
good if you stop one lap earlier one lap
later everything is less crucial let's
say when the car is performing well when
you are at the limit when you are not
quick enough you need to get everything
ready so we did some some good
improvements and the team is ready after
a difficult 2011 season now the team now
is more prepared for for everything but
we need a big fast car and for that we
need aerodynamics we need the good
maximize of the Pirelli tires we need
the big good probability in the car with
non mechanical problems finishing all
the races so we need all these factors
that is what I asked that him obviously
not easy but we would work for that you
are a driver used to drive a victory not
the podium for victory how did you
personally managed last year the
situation for you that the most of the
time there was no chance for victories
it was difficult I think we try to
control the situation try to to find
some new motivations as you said maybe
the victory was not possible so we try
to get the podium then we try to get one
victory then we try to get some
information for 2012 there was some kind
of new challenge every race knowing that
the victory maybe was out of our hands
so it was it was difficult for all of us
I'm used to to win as you said but also
Ferrari is used to win the last 10 years
a lot of races a lot of championship so
it was a new situation that we try to
munch and this 2012 we want to change
these feelings it a lovely booklet we
got here there is a comparison view
between Louis and Sebastian and you
start that Sebastian is not on the same
level as Louis's can you explain that
I think I I know is maybe better than
the Sebastian being teammates and in
McLaren and Grayson maybe a couple of
more years together so in those years
and so with winning races with not maybe
the best car I saw who is doing
performance amazing performance when
sometimes he was not a competitive car
in the hands and these things at the
moment we didn't see with Sebastian yes
the only difference there are two great
champions they are the two main rivals
and they are the two most talented
drivers in in the grid now but I still
miss this this performance from from
Sebastian well maybe the Red Bull is
ready to do 80 seventh when I see
Sebastian winning the race being in the
podium that will be that will put him at
thing at the same level of Luis